 #Changelog
 ## 2021-02-2: Version 3.0.0.1
 # Added: client is reporting reason for failure to log in to outlet 1: Format and report are: "LoginFailed (NoReason|ClientBlocked|ClientNameTaken|InvalidVersion) (tcp|udp)"
 # Changed: round_trip helper maxpatch for simplify multiple client tests.
 
 ## 2021-01-31: Version 3.0.0.0
 # Fixed: Cleanup and re-factor.
 # Changed: debug removed from max console - use the logfile instead.
 # Changed: deprecating the raw_data, still possible to use, but planned to be removed.
 # Fixed: Multicast can now be configurable on multicast, multicast_addres, multicast_port
 # Fixed: Server can now use port 0 for dynamic selecting port and getPort to know which one was used.

 ## 2021-01-25: Version 2.0.0.17
 # Fixed: Client threads were leaking on keep-alive.
 # Fixed: Warning is output if multiple packages are found on classpath.
 # Fixed: Server removes client on incorrect logon.
 # Changed: Only the major version is checked when logging on. 
 # Changed: Turned off the logging by default to Max Console.

 ## 2021-01-21: Version 2.0.0.16
 # Fixed: Documentation and help files.

 ## 2021-01-17: Version 2.0.0.15
 # Fixed: As ServeriKeepAlive was introduced to take down inactive connections - some activity is also tracked when something is sent (as the client will not send ping when something is received).
 # Fixed: A race condition on the client side - earlier resulted in that if this happened some protocol control data could slip through - like P0NG and others.
 # Changed: Removed the extra newlines around the protocol transmission.
 # Changed: Reading string from socket - checks contains instead of exact match, to stabilize performance
 
 
 
 ## 2020-12-06: Version 2.0.0.14
 # Fixed: If there is nothing in the buffer and a bang triggered a send - then an empty string was sent without new line - this resulted in that timestamp was included in result - fix: remove all timestamps and do not send empty buffer.
 # Changed: Timestamps are now turned off by default
 # Added: block/unblock can be done on Name
 # Added: now possible to configure time to delay for disconnect message.

 ## 2020-11-23: Version 2.0.0.13
 # Added: Information output with LogoffSuccess [name] when client is logged off.
 # Changed: MulticastReceiver now has configuration and is turned off by default.
 # Changed: logs are rotated out every hour by default.

 ## 2020-11-15: Version 2.0.0.12
 # Added: Method in server to disconnect clients by name: "disconnect name"

 ## 2020-11-10: Version 2.0.0.11
 # Added: Logger for debugging. Debug turned on and written to /tmp/qn-client-server.log
 # Added: MulticastPublisher and MulticastReceiver to let local clients know about servers.
 # Added: Possible way to override VERSION (usable for testing).
 
 
 ## 2020-11-01: Version 2.0.0.10
 # Added: setting udp send+receive buffer size.
 # Fixed: UDP keep-alive check fixed initial value and changed to always send UDP pings.

 #Changelog
 ## 2020-10-18: Version 2.0.0.9
 # Added: Server side automatic disconnect on network inactivity.
 # Added: Client side sends Logoff when disconnecting.



 ## 2020-10-10: Version 2.0.0.8
 # Added: Unicode encoder/decoder max/msp helper classes and Client example.
 
 
 ## 2020-08-16: Version 2.0.0.7
 # Changed - When checking for clientName the output is clientName and no longer name.

 #Changelog
 ## 2020-08-10: Version 2.0.0.6
 # Added - Server push out name information when clients log on and off, so the other clients know about updates.
 # Added - Check that other client name is known when client is sending.
 # Added - if client does not have a name provided - it will be autogenerated, as the time of connecting, generated name is on format "ClientName-"+ip+"-"+port (or -UUID if port is not known yet).
 # Added - method (getClientName) to ask client object about which name it has.
 # Added - when client sends to all other client, the client itself can be excluded by config exclude_self_in_others. 


 ## 2020-08-03: Version 2.0.0.5
 # Added - Names are now checked for only alphanumeric characters.
 # Added - Client can now use the send_all to all other clients (including self).
 # Changed - no min version on the OS versions in package. 
 
 ## 2020-07-31: Version 2.0.0.4
 # Added - UDP communication
 # Added - client to client communication
 # Added - Server listen on all interfaces
 # Changed - code refactored
 # Fixed - bugs from previous versions
 # Fixed - stability of keep-alives
 # Fixed - shutdown of server.
 
 ## 2018-01-18: Version 1.0.0.1
 # Added - Symbols are maintained when sending. (MJ) 
 # Added - new line between items for all sending (not only buffered sending). (MJ)
 # Added - Configurable to output in high/low priority - attribute high_priority (true/false) (MJ)
 # Added - If no hostname is given then the host ip is taken (not localhost) (MJ)
 # Changed - block_timeout_seconds is changed to block_timeout_millis (MJ)
 # Changed - Timestamp separator token is now ":::" instead of ":" (MJ)
 ## 2017-07-02: Version 1.0.0.0
 # Added - First version, sending different formats, buffered sending, and client keep-alive+reconnect (MJ)
 #
 #